Updated the doc for the env DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED when set to false (#5313)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/docker/_index.md

|----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `DD_APM_ENABLED`           | Enable [trace collection][7] with the trace Agent.                                                                                                        |
| `DD_LOGS_ENABLED`          | Enable [log collection][8] with the logs Agent.                                                                                                            |

> | `DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED` | Enable [live process collection][9] with the process Agent. The [live container view][10] is already enabled by default if the Docker socket is available. If set to `false`, will disable the live process collection][9] and the [live container view][10]|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED` | Enable [live process collection][9] with the process Agent. The [live container view][10] is already enabled by default if the Docker socket is available. If set to `false`, the  live process collection][9] and the [live container view][10] are disabled|
```

What's the difference with `disabled` then? 
According to https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/blob/master/pkg/config/config_template.yaml#L478

* `false` would make the Agent collects only containers information.. so the Live container view should still be up ?

Author: This is not what's written in the code: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/blob/master/pkg/process/config/yaml_config.go#L161-L163

> | `DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED` | Enable [live process collection][9] with the process Agent. The [live container view][10] is already enabled by default if the Docker socket is available. If set to `false`, will disable the live process collection][9] and the [live container view][10]|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED` | Enable [live process collection][9] with the process Agent. The [live container view][10] is already enabled by default if the Docker socket is available. If set to `false`, the [live process collection][9] and the [live container view][10] are disabled.|
```
